Does Reddit have any feedback?
Where can I report bugs?
EDIT2: Dear author, are you online?
We're still using md5?
Might I ask why you don't like globals?
Are there any drawbacks to the method you described?
Why did you build this?
Will you make a profit from it in some way?
If you won't profit from it what were your motivations to do this?
How to create a new "page"
How to create site navigation
How do I create/upload a custom theme
Do plugins/custom modules exist for extended functionality
How certain are you of the security?
Have you submitted it to be hacked by any experts?
Can't say I'm too certain right now.
Why are you making an asynchronous call to a PHP script to generate a simple div with your alert in it?
Why not do it directly in JavaScript?
Does that option even do anything?
EDIT: I see there is this functionality, but it seems only for textual columns?
Will check it out more in depth soon.
which I think is reasonable.
Can someone explain what this does?
Would be interesting to know what made you make that design decision.
Also, I'd be interested to know, is this your first proper application?
Great to be ambitious and all that, but learning to program on one huge project spanning several years?
Got any other, smaller, more manageable projects we can see?
does your server meet the requirements?
It sounds like a potential htaccess issue?
Does the installation create a DB?
What kind of progress did you make?
What is its killer feature?
For which type of website will this CMS be the undisputed best choice?
which could be an advantage or disadvantage depending on your site/project.
Wouldn't be nicer if the revert was just loading the previous version in the form without actually doing the revert?
I like your logo, how did you make it?
Alright, who hacked the site?
What made you decide to release it as open source rather than a commercial product?
why are you turning off etags in the htaccess?
why not reply on etags, last-modified and expires?
Does that make sense?
What is the biggest lesson(s) you have learnt whilst building this?
How much planning did you do when you first started?
Anyway where is the php api and functions to get the data from the cms and build the theme?
do I have to write my custom mysql queries?
if you've got this much energy to put into a cms or admin, why not work in a more legible and less-dying language like python or ruby?
Why dont you have real documentation?
